so one way that you can develop your interpersonal skills when you're
working you know in a team or with the team is improve your your skills
of communication and listening as well as the work on your ability
to set goals for yourself as well as for the team you know it to
approach a larger goal you may have to create you know micro goes to
get to that and so that every single one of those is kind of a win
and it builds up your self confidence it'll build up the team's confidence
to ultimately get to this overall goal so that you can achieve
that so you know work on your communication skills your skills of
listening as well as just set you know personal achievable goals for
you and your team that eventually hope you get to maybe what you think
is an unachievable our over arching goal